readme.md, before:

# Elysium

Elysium is a revolutionary organisational tool designed to streamline workflows and redefine productivity. By blending modern aesthetics with powerful functionality, Elysium offers an innovative approach to file and project management, perfect for users seeking structure and efficiency without compromising flexibility.

## To install

### Windows

`pip install pywin32`

`pip install screeninfo`

`pip install customtkinter`

`pip install pyperclip`

`pip install CTkMessagebox`

`pip install psutil`

`python main-windows.py`

### Debian

`pip install -r requirements-linux.txt`

Then run the main file

## Key Features

### File and Folder Organisation

Elysium embraces a traditional files-and-folders system but elevates it with advanced organisation capabilities to keep your workspace clean and intuitive.

### Project-Based Management

Projects in Elysium allow you to group and organise files without duplicating them on your hard drive. Files can belong to multiple projects simultaneously, offering unparalleled flexibility while maintaining a clean folder hierarchy.

### AI-Driven Sorting

#### Global Sorter

Automatically organises all your files into structured folders, creating an effortlessly tidy workspace

#### Folder-Specific Sorter

Organise files within individual folders into logical subfolders, tailored to that specific folder's needs.

### Elegant Visual Design

Elysium features a sleek, modern purple-and-black colour scheme in dark mode, delivering a visually calming yet striking user interface that enhances focus and productivity.

## Why Choose Elysium?

Elysium combines traditional file systems with innovative project linking and AI-powered organisation, making it ideal for anyone managing complex workflows. Whether you're handling creative projects, administrative tasks, or personal files, Elysium provides the tools to stay organised, efficient, and inspired.

Redefine your workspace with Elysium—the ultimate platform for organised creativity and productivity.

Commit message:

Provided singular windows install command

readme.md, after:

# Elysium

Elysium is a revolutionary organisational tool designed to streamline workflows and redefine productivity. By blending modern aesthetics with powerful functionality, Elysium offers an innovative approach to file and project management, perfect for users seeking structure and efficiency without compromising flexibility.

## To install

### Windows

Run this command: `pip install pywin32 screeninfo customtkinter pyperclip CTkMessagebox psutil`

Then run this to run the app: `python main-windows.py`

### Debian

`pip install -r requirements-linux.txt`

Then run the main file

## Key Features

### File and Folder Organisation

Elysium embraces a traditional files-and-folders system but elevates it with advanced organisation capabilities to keep your workspace clean and intuitive.

### Project-Based Management

Projects in Elysium allow you to group and organise files without duplicating them on your hard drive. Files can belong to multiple projects simultaneously, offering unparalleled flexibility while maintaining a clean folder hierarchy.

### AI-Driven Sorting

#### Global Sorter

Automatically organises all your files into structured folders, creating an effortlessly tidy workspace

#### Folder-Specific Sorter

Organise files within individual folders into logical subfolders, tailored to that specific folder's needs.

### Elegant Visual Design

Elysium features a sleek, modern purple-and-black colour scheme in dark mode, delivering a visually calming yet striking user interface that enhances focus and productivity.

## Why Choose Elysium?

Elysium combines traditional file systems with innovative project linking and AI-powered organisation, making it ideal for anyone managing complex workflows. Whether you're handling creative projects, administrative tasks, or personal files, Elysium provides the tools to stay organised, efficient, and inspired.

Redefine your workspace with Elysium—the ultimate platform for organised creativity and productivity.
